# Artificial Intelligence for Open Hardware Store

MART is a sample retail demo application built on top of NCR's APIs. Multi Agent Auction System developed in JADE. Medusa is a commerce platform. Spartacus is a lean, Angular-based JavaScript storefront. Frappe Webshop. The Dynamics 365 Commerce SDK. Prenda is a J2EE Web-based pawnshop system. Shopizer is an open-source, scalable e-commerce platform. Broadleaf Commerce CE. Scipio ERP is an Open Source Business Application. odoo open source headless ecommerce. OroCommerce an open-source B2B Commerce platform. Magento module for OpenERP/Tryton Integration. Connect Odoo with Prestashop. Marello Unified Commerce Management. Hydra Order Management System. BidHub is a scalable, modular, and database-free Distributed Online Auction System. Pixhawk drone. Relativty is an open-source VR headset. RV-Bridge is a HomeKit to RV-C Adapter. OpenTracker is an open source GPS/GLONASS hardware. PyCubed is an open-source, radiation-tested CubeSat avionics platform. CORE-V is the name of the OpenHW Group family of RISC-V cores. LibreWater is an open source solar water desalination system. Portable dishwasher. Roomi is an open-source autonomous cleaning & housekeeping robot. Open source embroidery machine. EBikes and EScooters. EMAR Mini is an open-source Emergency Robot Assistant. Grizzly RUV. AV4EV Go-Kart. Smarthome for Caravans and Motor Homes. OpenCamper. Open Source ATV. ThunderPods. Modular EV platform. Acorn, the precision farming rover. ROMI Rover. ROMI Rover. LGDXRobot2. OpenER an Open Source ROS robot. IotPOS an open source Point of Sale. OpenPLC Industrial IoT. OpenArm features human-scale proportions, safety and compliance, and practical payloads. OLINUXINO Open Hardware, low cost Linux Industrial grade Single Board Computer. OpenHydroponics is an project aimed at automating and optimizing hydroponic systems. OpenCMM is an opensource on-machine 3D Scanner. BigFDM is an open source large scale 3D printer. GoodEnoughCNC Hybrid. Open Kiosk is an affordable POS solution.

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

